Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#2602)
ansible-collections/community.general: README.md

You can find more information in the [developer guide for collections](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_collections.html#contributing-to-collections), and in the [Ansible Community Guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/index.html).

> Also for some notes specific to this collection see [here](https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also for some notes specific to this collection see [our CONTRIBUTING documentation](https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
Link titles should never be 'here' :)
